https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-34544 Modularize GRC 2.17 (#8891)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/enable_grc_standalone_template.adoc.adoc

Reviewer: One warning in this file. Line 72 needs to be a step or similar

<img width="504" height="92" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ff4264f3-5377-430f-9f5a-12412985e074" />

+
*Note:* The name of the add-on group depends on the name of your managed cluster. See the following standard form: `system:open-cluster-management:cluster:<cluster name>:addon:governance-standalone-hub-templating`.

. Create a `Role` resource in the managed cluster namespace. Name the role `cm-reader`. Run the following command: 

+
[source,bash]
----
oc create role -n <cluster name> cm-reader --verb=get,list,watch --resource=configmaps
----

. Create a `Rolebinding` resource in the managed cluster namespace. Name the role binding, `cm-reader-binding`. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc create rolebinding -n <cluster name> cm-reader-binding --role=cm-reader --group=system:open-cluster-management:cluster:<cluster name>:addon:governance-standalone-hub-templating
----

. Apply the `backup` label to both the role and role binding to ensure these resources on the hub cluster are backed up and restored. Run the following commands:

+
[source,yaml]
----
oc label role cm-reader -n <managed_cluster_name> cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup=""

oc label rolebinding cm-reader-binding -n <managed_cluster_name> cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup=""
---- 

> After you add these resources, the add-on can match the hub cluster templates, and the state of the policy gets saved in a secret on the managed clusters. The secret prevents interruptions if the hub cluster becomes temporarily unavailable to the managed cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
. The add-on matches the hub cluster templates and the state of the policy gets saved in a secret on the managed clusters. The secret prevents interruptions if the hub cluster becomes temporarily unavailable to the managed cluster.
```
